Add a note on predeclared module prefixes to the slp4 release note (#1375)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-preview4/RELEASE_NOTE.md

    }
```

##### Predeclared module prefixes

> The module prefix `t` (which is one of the `boolean`, `decimal`, `error`, `float`, `future`, `int`, `map`, `object`, `stream`, `string`, `table`, `typedesc` or `xml`) has been predeclared as referring to the `lang.t` lang library module now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module prefix `t` (which is one of the `boolean`, `decimal`, `error`, `float`, `future`, `int`, `map`, `object`, `stream`, `string`, `table`, `typedesc`, or `xml` types) has been predeclared as referring to the `lang.t` lang library module now.
```

Reviewer 2: These are not types here, they represent the prefixes/names of the langlib modules.

Reviewer: Added the new suggestion in https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/1375#discussion_r503027050.

Author: Fixed.

> 

Reviewer 2: Shall we add an example, along the lines of

Such modules can now be used without explicitly importing them.

```ballerina
public function main() {
    int max = 'int:max(1, 2, 3);
}
```

Author: Added.

    }
```

##### Predeclared module prefixes

> The module prefix `t` (which could be a `boolean`, `decimal`, `error`, `float`, `future`, `int`, `map`, `object`, `stream`, `string`, `table`, `typedesc`, or `xml`) has been predeclared as referring to the `lang.t` lang library module now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module prefix `t` (which could be `boolean`, `decimal`, `error`, `float`, `future`, `int`, `map`, `object`, `stream`, `string`, `table`, `typedesc`, or `xml`) has been predeclared as referring to the `lang.t` lang library module now.
```

+1 to remove `a` here.

> The module prefix `t` (where `t` could be `boolean`, `decimal`, `error`, `float`, `future`, `int`, `map`, `object`, `stream`, `string`, `table`, `typedesc`, or `xml`) has been predeclared as referring to the `lang.t` lang library module now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module prefix `t` (in which `t` could be `boolean`, `decimal`, `error`, `float`, `future`, `int`, `map`, `object`, `stream`, `string`, `table`, `typedesc`, or `xml`) has been predeclared as referring to the `lang.t` lang library module now.
```

Reviewer 2: Since `t` is the entire entity, what do refer to by "in which"?

Reviewer: The complete occurrence should be referred to by "in which".

Author: Fixed.

> The module prefix `t` (in which `t` could be `boolean`, `decimal`, `error`, `float`, `future`, `int`, `map`, `object`, `stream`, `string`, `table`, `typedesc`, or `xml`) has been predeclared as referring to the `lang.t` lang library module now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module prefix `t` (which could be a `boolean`, `decimal`, `error`, `float`, `future`, `int`, `map`, `object`, `stream`, `string`, `table`, `typedesc`, or `xml`) has been predeclared as referring to the `lang.t` lang library module now.
```
I feel this is more accurate here.

Reviewer 2: I believe the current version is correct. Here it's used like

```md
The name `t` (which can be `praneesha`, `chiran`, or `maryam`) has been....
```

Saying

```md
The name `t` (which could be a `praneesha`, `chiran`, or `maryam`) has been....
```
is wrong, right?

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this change is correct. @praneesha, thoughts please?

Reviewer: +1

Reviewer: +1 to remove `a` here.

> The module prefix `t` (which is one of the `boolean`, `decimal`, `error`, `float`, `future`, `int`, `map`, `object`, `stream`, `string`, `table`, `typedesc`, or `xml` types) has been predeclared as referring to the `lang.t` lang library module now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module prefix `t` (which could be a `boolean`, `decimal`, `error`, `float`, `future`, `int`, `map`, `object`, `stream`, `string`, `table`, `typedesc`, or `xml` types) has been predeclared as referring to the `lang.t` lang library module now.
```

Reviewer 2: I think we should say 

```suggestion
The module prefix `t` (which could be one of `boolean`, `decimal`, `error`, `float`, `future`, `int`, `map`, `object`, `stream`, `string`, `table`, `typedesc`, or `xml`) has been predeclared as referring to the `lang.t` lang library module now.
```

These are just prefixes/names here.

Reviewer: "Where" should be used only to denote a location. Should be "which" in this case.

Such modules can now be used without explicitly importing them.

```ballerina
    public function main() {

>         int max = 'int:max(1, 2, 3);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        int max = 'int:max(311, 22, 41234);
```

Author: Fixed.

>     public function main() {
>         int max = 'int:max(311, 22, 41234);
>     }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
public function main() {
    int max = 'int:max(311, 22, 41234);
}
```

Author: Changed
